Perform check if anything is missing:
1. Start the game in Unity Editor and go to Settings.
2. Use Test languages button in Developer part and let it run until main menu reloads.
3. Close Unity Editor completely.
4. Check if any Dynamic font asset was altered. If yes, discard changes and perform Static asset update.

Full Static asset update - best to perform after bigger translation changes, like before a new update:
1. Perform update of asian files - described below.
2. Copy all texts from all languages except asian to a single file.
3. Perform update of 'NotoSansDisplay-Medium SDF - Static' in analogical way as described for asian languages.
4. All characters that are marked as missing during 'Generate Font Atlas' need to be added to other Static font assets
   in a similar way as described Find missing characters point 5 below.
5. Perform check if anything is missing.
6. Dynamic assets should be unaltered. If any was altered, use Find missing characters procedure described below.

Short Static asset update:
1. Perform update of asian files - described below.
2. Find missing characters - described below.

Update of asian files - japanese, korean, chinese. It should be performed for each language separately:
1. Copy all texts to a single file.
2. Select appropriate 'NotoSansCJKxx-Medium SDF - Static' file in Unity Editor.
3. From the Inspector click Update Atlas Texture.
4. In a window that opens, from dropdown 'Character Set' select 'Characters from File'.
5. Drag and drop file from point 1 to 'Character File' field.
6. Click 'Generate Font Atlas' button and after it generates, click 'Save' button.
7. Close the window, commit changes.

Find missing characters:
1. Make sure Dynamic font assets have no uncommitted changes. If they have - discard them.
2. Perform check if anything is missing - described above.
3. If any Dynamic font asset was altered, find characters that were added to it:
    - Select appropriate Dynamic file in Unity Editor and find Characters Table in Inspector.
5. Copy all characters listed in the Characters Table to appropriate Static font asset:
    - Select appropriate Static file in Unity Editor.
    - From the Inspector click Update Atlas Texture.
    - In a window that opens, from dropdown 'Character Set' select 'Unicode range (hex)'.
    - Copy all characters from the Characters Table to 'Unicode range (hex)' field. 
      Use values from the Unicode field in the Characters Table, but without 'Ux' prefix.
      Don't delete any characters that are already there. 
    - Click 'Generate Font Atlas' button and after it generates, click 'Save' button.
    - Close the window, commit changes.
6. Repeat point 1 and 2 to make sure no characters are missing.
